- Imported Quick Capture items:
    - Search Results | Publishers Marketplace
        - Annotations:

* 2016 年 12 月 14 日 


中国中信出版集团从 1 月 1 日起任命埃克尔斯-费舍尔联营公司（Eccles Fisher Associates）为英国成人图书星探。



https://www.publishersmarketplace.com/pm/search?ss_q=citic [Email Body](https://files.todoist.com/nRjPBzrE7tb0iXcXNLbny_5ZXdaAx8aO_3nbsc5XnGTV6pg5YCrYcrWRGk9G9S0a/by/21878347/as/file.html)
    - Amazon.com: Patrick Radden Keefe: books, biography, latest update
        - Annotations:

*     * 真是个畅销书作家啊。新书的proposal刚出来就被上海译文签了。Patrick Radden Keefe / THE OLIGARCH’S SONcaa代理发的消息。



https://www.amazon.com/stores/author/B001K8TZ1Q/allbooks [Email Body](https://files.todoist.com/STjvjsrhoiFsHf_lElMKwHVKAjLLbAzBgd3-1rzWnyJ3WgDDi3N87pSZnrxG8eHd/by/21878347/as/file.html)
    - The Bookseller - Spotlight - London Book Fair 2024: agents' hotlists
        - Annotations:

* 2024

* Sorry, Not Sorry: The Power of Apologies in an Irascible World

Dr Judy Eaton

Psychology professor Eaton’s “bold and original” look at the history and
science of the humble apology, showcasing their power throughout time and how
they have never been so important as in today’s world.

Agent Max Edwards

* Flaws of Nature

Andrew Dobson

An account of everything in the animal kingdom that is self-defeating, ill-
made, uneconomical and downright weird—and how natural selection has favoured
it.

Agent Andrew Lownie

Rights UK (The History Press), Korea (Content Group Forest), China (Beijing
Science and Technology), Saudi Ara

* M

* oney on Your Mind: The Psychology Behind Your Financial Habits

Vicky Reynal

A financial psychotherapist dives into different money behaviours such as
overspending, underspending, money secrets and self-sabotage to reveal how our
past experiences impact our relationship with money.

Agent Jason Bartholomew

Rights UK and Commonwealth (Bonnier), US (The Experiment), Chinese Simplified
(China Book Machine), Chinese Traditional (China Times), Germany (Kosel Verla)

* Smitten: Romantic Obsession, the Neuroscience of Limerence, and How to Make Love Last

Tom Bellamy

* hology of infatuation, and how to recognise and move beyond it towards a healthier experience of love.

Agent Juliet Pickering

Rights UK (Watkins), Audio (Bolinda)

* Coastlines: A Four-Billion Year Journey Along the World’s Seashores

Ben Wilson

Bestselling historian Wilson “leaves no pebble unturned” in his newest on
coastlines, taking in four billion years of geography, archaeology and ecology
to examine “one of the most overlooked elements of our geographical heritage:
the liminal space between land and sea”.

Agent Clare Conville

* Fall of Civilizations

Paul Cooper

“Landmark” history looking at the collapse of powerful ancient societies
tipped over based on the podcast with over 100 million downloads.

Agent Eve White

Rights UK (Duckworth), US (Hanover Square), Poland, Portugal

* The Story of Your Life: The Eight Masterplots that Explain Human Behaviour

Ben Ambridge

Literature, linguistics, psychology and neuroscience combine as a professor of
psycholinguistics argues that history is written not by those who are the
smartest but by those who tell the most compelling stories—and demonstrates
how we can harness the power of those stories in our own lives.

Agent Sally Holloway

Rights UK (Macmillan), Korea (RH Korea)

* The Most Interesting Book in the World

Edward Brooke-Hitching

A former BBC QI Elf turned bestselling author draws on his lifetime search for
the weird and the wonderful in this miscellany of things that seem too strange
to be true, yet somehow are.

Agent Charlie Campbell

Rights World English (Simon & Schuster)

* Bad Influence: Is Social Media Making Us Sick?

Deb Cohen

Award-winning and medically qualified journalist Cohen investigates the
effects of influencers on our mental and physical health, through the health
hacks they promote, and tells us how to judge who can be trusted.

* Agent Caroline Hardman

* High-Functioning Anxiety: A Five-step Guide to Calming the Inner Panic and Thriving

Dr Lalitaa Suglani

Psychologist Suglani shines a light on a form of anxiety that disguises itself
beneath a veneer of “achievement” and shows readers how to escape a toxic
cycle of over-thinking, over-working and self-criticism.

Agent Elly James

Rights World (Hay House)

* Meditations for Mortals

Oliver Burkeman

Four weeks to embrace your limitations and finally make time for what counts
by the internationally bestselling author of Four Thousand Weeks.

Agent Claire Paterson Conrad

Rights UK (Bodley Head), US (FSG), Brazil (Companhia das Letras), Germany
(Piper), Japan (Kanki Publishing), Korea (SangSangSquare), Netherlands
(Maven), Spain (Ariel), Taiwan (Locus Publishing Company), Thailand (Amarin)

* Birth Wars

Leah Hazard

“Searing and urgent” warning about the state of global maternity, exposing how
our attempts to technologise, moralise, monetise and dominate humanity’s
oldest act is a mounting crisis leading to devastating effects.

Agent Hayley Steed

Rights UK (Penguin Press)

* Becoming Free: The Nine Personality Patterns that Shape Our Lives.

Daniel Siegel

US bestselling clinical psychologist Siegel demonstrates how genetics, neural
wiring and early attachment combine to form who we are and how we can access
all the pathways to free ourselves from these innate and learned ways of being
to lead fuller and more connected lives.

Agent Idea Architects

Rights US (Avery)

* Level Up: Persuasion and Negotiation Skills to Help You Get What You Want

John Richardson & Attia Qureshi

Harvard, MIT and University of Michigan negotiation lecturers Richardson and
Qureshi present a basic component of negotiation theory in each chapter, then
show you how to practise the skills that make that advic

* e work.

Agent Steve Ross Agency

Rights UK (Penguin Michael Joseph), US (Simon & Schuster), Brazilian
Portuguese under offer

* Borrowed Time

Gerard Lyons

“Vital” new examination of debt from the influential economist, using 12 key
questions to explore how the debt we are born, live and die with impacts us
individually and the wider world around us.

Agent Matthew Cole

* The New Tribalism

Robin Dunbar

“Enlightening” pop science exploration of why society feels so divided and
what we can do about it: “for readers of Matt Ridley and Jared Diamond”.

Agent Donald Winchester

* A New Economics and Economy for the Common Good

Mariana Mazzucato

“Bold” book arguing that the 21st century’s crises are global and
interconnected, yet we have failed to treat them as collective goals, with
shared agendas.

Agent Sarah Chalfant

Rights UK (Allen Lane



https://www.thebookseller.com/spotlight/london-book-fair-2024-agents-hotlists [Email Body](https://files.todoist.com/rfuruzoC1lRRUr1L7SJEHvKj6VXrzv8xIOPj13Pfs0sSMmkC9fX4dK92IuG6z_hJ/by/21878347/as/file.html)
